Duane Godbout: There is
Duane Godbout: Hello. Hi, Dr. How you doing,
davi pakter: I'm doing well, how about you. Hold on, let me close out some of these windows. I was doing something else. Okay, so
Areas.
davi pakter: Long time no talk
Duane Godbout: Yes, sir.
davi pakter: What is your deal
Duane Godbout: I'm just struggling like crazy.
davi pakter: Okay, are you ready to make a commitment because it feels like we're just like one step forward, two steps back.
Duane Godbout: Yeah, it's just been how I just moved it just, I mean, I consider making all kinds of excuses, but I just, it's been hard. You know, you know,
davi pakter: It's, it's been hard. Okay. Well, I mean, I think that the bottom line is, are you in a headspace where you're ready to make a commitment to recovery or is it going to work for you. I mean, I have no judgment, but I just want to not waste anybody's time, you know,
Duane Godbout: Definitely no. I'm I need to do this. It's just
Duane Godbout: I definitely need to do it. I mean, I'm not any trouble or anything, but, um, I don't want to get in any trouble. You know what I mean.
davi pakter: Yeah. Okay, so tell me where you're at, then
Duane Godbout: As in a place to live, or where I'm at, in my head.
davi pakter: No, we are with the with the opiates, or the or the drugs, whatever you're using
Yeah.
Duane Godbout: Just real heavy. I was shooting a lot more, you know, I was smoking it but I'm kind of shooting a lot more than I was before.
davi pakter: Why is that
Duane Godbout: I don't know, it's just I just felt a little bit deeper into more and more use of my my tolerance has gone way up. You know, so when my tolerance when
Duane Godbout: I started using I started shooting more, you know, because smoking it so just wasn't cutting it, I guess.
davi pakter: Uh huh. Okay, so, so, how much are you using right now.
Duane Godbout: It varies, but I'm thinking about a couple two to three day maybe
davi pakter: Two to three grams a day.
Yeah.
davi pakter: Okay. And then what else with it math.
Coke. Yeah.
Duane Godbout: No, nothing else but
davi pakter: Man okay match and is it heroin or is it that other stuff. The Red Rock or
Duane Godbout: It's a Red Rock here.
Okay.
Duane Godbout: Just because it's a lot cheaper.
davi pakter: What what is in Red Rock is it fentanyl
Duane Godbout: No. Yeah.
davi pakter: fentanyl and what
Duane Godbout: That about sure how they make it. I'm really it's just, um, this is the only place I've ever even seen it is up here.
Duane Godbout: Is okay what's California. I've never seen anywhere else.
davi pakter: Okay, so
davi pakter: Hold on, let me
davi pakter: Bring up your fat failure. So I think the last time we talked. I had given you that specific way of sort of cross tapering the
Duane Godbout: Yes.
davi pakter: The medicine and how did. Were you able to do that or how did it work out.
Duane Godbout: I wasn't able to, I didn't even like I said I was getting to moving and a lot of stuff was going on, again in my life. Everything settled. Finally, so we take one of these things out.
davi pakter: Okay.
Duane Godbout: It's kind of hard here with both of them in
Duane Godbout: For me, so anyway, um, it was just a hard time for me to do anything at that point and the kids. I was dealing with and just too much was on my plate to even
Duane Godbout: Handle it all at once it's ready to do the, the whole see that we were trying to do just a lot for me to do at once. So now for me to do now is the best time because it's coronavirus is kind of perfect, you know,
davi pakter: Are you out of your other job.
davi pakter: Yeah, so you're not working.
Duane Godbout: No.
davi pakter: Oh man, I wish I had called me in the beginning of this, we could have gotten started. Alright. So when did you move to this current place.
Duane Godbout: We've just been here a month now a little over a month, you know, maybe it's been a month, a full month now.
Okay.
davi pakter: All right, so
Duane Godbout: Humans are humans. Yeah.
davi pakter: Okay, I'm just looking through the old notes.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: What do you think is gonna be the best way for you to get off of it. Do you have a sense
Duane Godbout: Well you know I was we just been I read a lot of stuff with my wife reads a lot of things about everything. You don't mean whether it's true or not. I don't know. So I'll throw it by you a little bit
Duane Godbout: We were reading on, what does that I'm not Suboxone but the cyber side effects sober sober and then
Duane Godbout: He knows that he knows that. But don't do this. He already knows we already went through that whole thing. But anyway, um,
Duane Godbout: So be taken, I was reading on it it, said he, like that one time I went to complete withdrawals what I just did that number and I took it, it should happen or whatever.
Duane Godbout: But I was reading on it and it also said, you at least want to be four hours or longer minimum four hours or longer to before you're taking it. You know what I mean to for it to be okay or whatever. I don't know.
davi pakter: I didn't know much were you up. I'm going to do. Wait.
Duane Godbout: Oh well, I thought it was okay to take it right away. You know what I mean. I was thinking in my head. It was because it doesn't have that whatever in it naloxone toward make you sick.
Duane Godbout: Yeah, but they didn't take
davi pakter: You take a very small amount. You can do it that way.
Duane Godbout: Yeah, and I did. I took it right away after using only maybe an hour. So that's what I wouldn't complete withdrawals so mad.
Duane Godbout: That dying.
Duane Godbout: So anyway, my, my thought was going to do what we were planning on doing. I mean, that stuff. So I would you know gradually bring it in and then I go to some boxing, you know,
davi pakter: Okay.
Duane Godbout: Because I knew the blocker and all that. So, yes.
davi pakter: Okay, so
davi pakter: Trying to find my note when we were going to do the
davi pakter: The Burmese method.
davi pakter: Let's see.
Duane Godbout: What it was also that whole thing that we had regimen that we had on that paper.
davi pakter: Yeah, it's all good and everything. And that night trust you just signed so paranoid about that sick.
Duane Godbout: Now I got sick that one day it freaked me out. I mean, I was like, whoa. Okay, first I thought I was tripping on acid, it kind of it was just such a weird, weird feeling. I've ever had in my life.
davi pakter: Yeah, okay.
Duane Godbout: Yeah, and I have really bad anxiety mood. No.
davi pakter: Root of anxiety big to begin with.
davi pakter: Yeah, okay.
davi pakter: Yeah, so
davi pakter: I think our best bet is to try this, this method again of as you decrease the
davi pakter: As you decrease the the hair or the opioids we slowly increase the CW Tex.
Duane Godbout: Yeah, I was it
davi pakter: Would you like to try that versus trying to just take. I mean, wait wait eight hours or so and then start the Soviet Tex. Do you have a preference.
Duane Godbout: You know what, doing the eight hour thing. Does it bother me. I can go a whole day. I could I could buckle down for a whole day. No problem. You know, it's when it comes to the third day or second or third day that I did starts getting really screwy for me. You know nothing.
Duane Godbout: But a day. It doesn't bother me at all. I can go, Dave.
Duane Godbout: That probably cuz I got someone shit my system. It's like
Duane Godbout: Yeah, no, no. So, so
davi pakter: Okay, so are you.
davi pakter: Are you more leaning towards doing the cross taper where we slowly decrease you while we ramp up the sub you text or are you more interested in stopping for eight hours and then going switching over completely to the Savvy Tex.
Duane Godbout: I don't mind doing the tapering part I was even if we went to the just wait eight hours. I'll probably wait one a week eight hours anyway, even the paper just because
Duane Godbout: I'm so scared to doing it. You know what I mean, I don't know. I just don't want to get sick again like that going to freak me out. So, but I'll go with what you say. I mean,
Duane Godbout: I think that'll be. You don't think it'll really do too much damn too much to me like it did that one night. I don't know.
Duane Godbout: Yeah.
Duane Godbout: Oh yeah, sorry. My wife was telling me I am the other day, I also, um, I went through some really bad seizures.
Duane Godbout: I did I intravenously. I did some math with it with their with the red rockin
Duane Godbout: And next thing you know, I started walking around a sort of feeling a little weird. I went outside and I just my whole body went into
Duane Godbout: Tightened up like my whole from my head to my toe and it just started just sort of been building it would last for a few minutes, it would release.
Duane Godbout: And then everybody, every minute. It did this for hours every just tighten up so bad, or foaming at the mouth, and it was freaking me out. I was
Duane Godbout: My wife was freaking so we went over to the hospital and sat outside and didn't want to go in because the whole Corona thing I was tripping Natalie I'm going there. So just sit in the parking lot. And if I get too bad. Then we'll go in, you know, I mean,
davi pakter: Uh huh.
Duane Godbout: So it finally let loose about she almost one o'clock in the morning. So, it lasts for like five or six at night like one in the morning, go into the seizures of some sort and and that was it. I just wanted to throw let you know that this happened just recently.
davi pakter: When was that
Duane Godbout: What day was that bad.
Duane Godbout: Oh, five years ago.
Duane Godbout: Friday night. Okay. Friday night.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: With
Duane Godbout: That matters about anything.
davi pakter: Yeah, I mean I think that sounds like something related to the method was in there.
Duane Godbout: Too.
davi pakter: Yeah. Alright, so we're going to
davi pakter: Try this again.
Okay.
davi pakter: With the buprenorphine.
davi pakter: I think do you do want to write this down or
Duane Godbout: Okay pad right here.
Duane Godbout: Already
davi pakter: All right, I'm
davi pakter: Trying to figure out how we're gonna make this work because
davi pakter: They want you to take point two milligrams
davi pakter: Of the buprenorphine but that it only comes in to. So that'd be one 10th of a of a strip. I don't know how you're going to do that.
Duane Godbout: would advocate of stripping wood floors are
Duane Godbout: intense, intense
davi pakter: Work.
davi pakter: Let me see what else I can prescribe it for you.
davi pakter: Hold on a second.
davi pakter: Okay. When did you last us anything.
Duane Godbout: Hour and a half ago.
Okay.
davi pakter: All right.
davi pakter: So I don't think we're gonna be able to get it that small 2.2
davi pakter: But if you take
davi pakter: One quarter of a tablet. That'll be point five.
davi pakter: Okay, which is pretty close to that.
davi pakter: So day one is going to be one quarter.
davi pakter: And you've already used about 2.5 grams today.
Duane Godbout: This morning with that one. Yeah. Pretty close.
davi pakter: Okay, so if you can get to the pharmacy and take that today.
davi pakter: You should be, you should be good for today.
Duane Godbout: First day just a quarter of a quarter of a tablet.
davi pakter: Right. I think they're gonna, I'm not sure if they're gonna be strips or tablets, but one quarter of a dose whatever I whatever
davi pakter: If it strips or tablets date to
davi pakter: Is going to be another quarter.
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: That's going to be you. If you use to so you then you have to decrease your, your red route your heroin use or whatever you're using down to two grams.
Tomorrow,
davi pakter: Okay. Day three, you're going to
davi pakter: Take
davi pakter: See
davi pakter: Point eight plus two. So that's gonna be
davi pakter: One and a half.
davi pakter: Tablets.
Duane Godbout: So we'll do. So I'm going to jump over quarter to one and a half.
Duane Godbout: Yeah, okay. On the third day
davi pakter: Yet, okay. And you're going to drop your, your heroin use to point to half a gram. Okay.
Duane Godbout: Good.
Duane Godbout: Day three
Yeah.
davi pakter: Then day for it's gonna be. Oh, but that's you're using two. So you're taking that twice a day. So it's one and a half in the morning and one and a half at night of the said be text.
Duane Godbout: open this one up at night.
davi pakter: Yeah. So twice a day on the third day
Good.
davi pakter: Day for
davi pakter: You're going to take
davi pakter: Two.
davi pakter: Wait, did I just say one and a half. I'm sorry. It was supposed to be one and a quarter for day three.
davi pakter: Okay, one and a quarter twice that they're on that third day
davi pakter: Okay. All right. You're getting this down. Clearly, I don't want it to be. Okay. All right.
Duane Godbout: I'll read it back to you.
davi pakter: Okay, good.
davi pakter: And then
Duane Godbout: The fourth
davi pakter: Day for it's going to be
davi pakter: Two and a quarter twice a day.
Okay.
davi pakter: And on that day. It's weird because that day. Actually, there they have you using one and a half grams.
davi pakter: So it goes back up with the street with the street heroin or opiate and
davi pakter: Then day five, it's going to be
davi pakter: Two and a half.
davi pakter: What did I say per day for two and a quarter right
Duane Godbout: Two and a quarter. Yeah.
davi pakter: Yeah. Okay, so now we're up by another quarter. So it's two and a half total twice a day.
davi pakter: And heroin goes down to point to one half gram again.
davi pakter: Alright and then on day six
davi pakter: It's going to be three and a quarter.
davi pakter: Twice a day. And after that, after the fifth day no more street opiate
davi pakter: OK. OK. So after that last half a gram on day five, then there's no more so so day six is
davi pakter: Three and a quarter twice a day. Is that what I said.
Duane Godbout: Yes. During the quarter density
davi pakter: Day seven is
davi pakter: For twice a day.
davi pakter: Day eight for twice a day.
davi pakter: Day nine
davi pakter: We're going to six twice a day. Okay.
Duane Godbout: Good.
davi pakter: And then
davi pakter: And then we're going to decide where you're at.
davi pakter: Okay, that's, that's the nine day
davi pakter: Burmese method.
davi pakter: Gotcha. Okay.
Duane Godbout: Let me read it back to you real quick.
Duane Godbout: Yeah okay do one quarter strip day to a quarter strip two grams that day is all
Duane Godbout: Day three, one and a quarter twice a day, half gram day for two and a quarter twice a day one and a half grams a day five.
Duane Godbout: Two and a half twice a day.
Duane Godbout: Day six
davi pakter: And how much heroin on day five.
davi pakter: And a half right.
Duane Godbout: And then days, six off of it, the heroin and it's three and a quarter twice a day.
Duane Godbout: Yep day seven for twice a day, they ate for twice a day day nine six twice a day, and that's where we're at.
davi pakter: Yeah, okay.
davi pakter: Okay, so
davi pakter: I'm going to send that over to the pharmacy again and
davi pakter: I'm gonna have to
davi pakter: I'm going to have to talk with them to to get the dosing straight what What group do you now I have a few groups available for you. It's either Monday at seven Tuesday at seven or
davi pakter: Friday at 11am
Duane Godbout: I think I'm a baby. What's the best day for me to have my meeting with you. Right.
davi pakter: Yeah.
Duane Godbout: My meeting with the doctor, what day do you think when he says Monday at seven. Do you think that'd be good.
Duane Godbout: Or Tuesday at seven.
Duane Godbout: That I should do that, David.
Duane Godbout: Yeah, I think so.
Duane Godbout: Monday at seven would be great.
davi pakter: Okay, alright, so we'll see you at Monday at seven and
davi pakter: I think probably it'd be best this week. If you can drop into my group at 11
Duane Godbout: Okay, what day
davi pakter: Way, maybe we should have an individual appointment. Let's do an individual appointment on Friday.
Duane Godbout: On Friday, okay.
davi pakter: Okay, so
Duane Godbout: Yeah, okay, what time go
davi pakter: Yeah, so no not 11 that's when I have my group. So I'm gonna have, you're gonna have to call for an appointment on Friday.
davi pakter: Okay, individual appointment. And then, but your group time from now on, you're gonna have to meet every week in group at seven on Mondays.
Duane Godbout: Got you. Every Monday at seven.
davi pakter: Yeah, and that'll be in the group.
davi pakter: But we'll do one more individual appointment to make sure you're on track on Friday.
davi pakter: This is the
davi pakter: 24th. So you have to call to schedule that appointment.
Duane Godbout: I'll do that right after I'm done with you.
davi pakter: Okay, good. And then I'll get on the phone with the pharmacist and explain what we're doing.
davi pakter: Awesome as a pharmacy or or different
Duane Godbout: Um, can you do a different. It's a different pharmacy, which one do we go to innovate.
Duane Godbout: Okay, CVS on commerce in rubber
davi pakter: That's the one I have. Okay. Okay.
davi pakter: All right, good. So I'll send it, there should be written in an hour, so
Duane Godbout: He could just inserted.
Duane Godbout: Yes, he does. What was your TV. He does your
davi pakter: Doctor PA k t our
davi pakter: P like Peter a k t like Tom ER doctor
Duane Godbout: Doctor, I appreciate it so much.
davi pakter: Guys, I'll see you Friday.
Duane Godbout: Alright, sounds good.
davi pakter: Okay. All right. Take care. Bye.